com/example/appcovid/home_fragment/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.appcovid.home_fragment.HomeFragment
com/example/appcovid/network/dto/DistrictDto.java
 com.example.appcovid.network.dto.DistrictDto
com/example/appcovid/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.appcovid.BuildConfig
com/example/appcovid/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.example.appcovid.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/example/appcovid/databinding/ActivityPatientBinding.java
 com.example.appcovid.databinding.ActivityPatientBinding
com/example/appcovid/network/dto/ProvinceDto.java
 com.example.appcovid.network.dto.ProvinceDto
com/example/appcovid/network/dto/CommuneDto.java
 com.example.appcovid.network.dto.CommuneDto
com/example/appcovid/network/OtpService.java
 com.example.appcovid.network.OtpService
com/example/appcovid/PatientActivity.java
 com.example.appcovid.PatientActivity
com/example/appcovid/feedback_fragment/FeedbackBaseFragment.java
 com.example.appcovid.feedback_fragment.FeedbackBaseFragment
 com.example.appcovid.feedback_fragment.FeedbackBaseFragment$1
com/example/appcovid/MainActivity.java
 com.example.appcovid.MainActivity
com/example/appcovid/databinding/ActivityScreenOtpBinding.java
 com.example.appcovid.databinding.ActivityScreenOtpBinding
com/example/appcovid/feedback_fragment/ContactReportFragment.java
 com.example.appcovid.feedback_fragment.ContactReportFragment
com/example/appcovid/databinding/FragmentContactReportBinding.java
 com.example.appcovid.databinding.FragmentContactReportBinding
com/example/appcovid/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.appcovid.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/appcovid/databinding/ActivityCategoryBinding.java
 com.example.appcovid.databinding.ActivityCategoryBinding
com/example/appcovid/InfoPersonActivity.java
 com.example.appcovid.InfoPersonActivity
com/example/appcovid/databinding/ActivityDeclarePersonalInfoBinding.java
 com.example.appcovid.databinding.ActivityDeclarePersonalInfoBinding
com/example/appcovid/databinding/FragmentFeedbackBinding.java
 com.example.appcovid.databinding.FragmentFeedbackBinding
com/example/appcovid/databinding/FragmentFeedbackBaseBinding.java
 com.example.appcovid.databinding.FragmentFeedbackBaseBinding
com/example/appcovid/databinding/ActivityInfoEmpBinding.java
 com.example.appcovid.databinding.ActivityInfoEmpBinding
com/example/appcovid/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.appcovid.HomeActivity
com/example/appcovid/feedback_fragment/FeedbackFragment.java
 com.example.appcovid.feedback_fragment.FeedbackFragment
com/example/appcovid/HealthMonitoringActivity.java
 com.example.appcovid.HealthMonitoringActivity
com/example/appcovid/custom_view/OtpEditText.java
 com.example.appcovid.custom_view.OtpEditText
 com.example.appcovid.custom_view.OtpEditText$1
com/example/appcovid/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.appcovid.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/appcovid/databinding/ActivityHealthMonitoringBinding.java
 com.example.appcovid.databinding.ActivityHealthMonitoringBinding
com/example/appcovid/CategoryActivity.java
 com.example.appcovid.CategoryActivity
com/example/appcovid/network/dto/CreateAccDto.java
 com.example.appcovid.network.dto.CreateAccDto
com/example/appcovid/network/AccountService.java
 com.example.appcovid.network.AccountService
com/example/appcovid/network/dto/MessDto.java
 com.example.appcovid.network.dto.MessDto
com/example/appcovid/DeclarePersonalInfoActivity.java
 com.example.appcovid.DeclarePersonalInfoActivity
 com.example.appcovid.DeclarePersonalInfoActivity$1
 com.example.appcovid.DeclarePersonalInfoActivity$1$1
 com.example.appcovid.DeclarePersonalInfoActivity$2
 com.example.appcovid.DeclarePersonalInfoActivity$2$1
 com.example.appcovid.DeclarePersonalInfoActivity$3
 com.example.appcovid.DeclarePersonalInfoActivity$4
com/example/appcovid/ScreenOTPActivity.java
 com.example.appcovid.ScreenOTPActivity
 com.example.appcovid.ScreenOTPActivity$1
 com.example.appcovid.ScreenOTPActivity$2
com/example/appcovid/network/NetworkModule.java
 com.example.appcovid.network.NetworkModule
